Scenario: New contracts for an intercompany charging process need to signed and returned in hard copy format. There are two
separate agreements, the SEA (Special Extra agreement) and the ESA (Extra Special Agreement). The global corporation
has 26 companies participating in the charging scheme. Some companies send charges covered under only the ESA agreement,
some under only the SEA agreement, and some under both. Each company has its own contact, typically the finance manager,
that has been sent a copy(s) of the blank agreement(s). The instructions for each finance manager are to send hard
copies by mail to the headquarters. When the hard copies are received, they will be scanned and put into a shared
folder. Oftentimes, the contracts are signed and sent by email in a response to the request email. In this case, the
digital copies are added to the same folder, but an underscore is added at the end of the filename to indicate that
the hard copy has not been received and the .pdf contract within the shared folder is only available as a pdf. A common
filename has been agreed to: "SEA_01" for the SEA agreement for company 01. For ESA, it is simply "ESA_01". If only
a digital copy of the signed contract has been received, the file in the folder will be named "ESA_02_". The master list
of participating companies with the type of new contracts that are needed is in a 5 column excel file named
"contract_data". This file has company name, company number, columns for ESA and SEA and an 'X' if the contract is
needed, and the email address of the contact.

Requirements:
Given the contract_data file and the folder containing the signed, returned contracts the script should:
1 identify which contracts for which companies are missing (digital and hard copy)
2 identify which contracts have been received digitally, but are missing hard copies
3 Make visible and transparent the status of the 2024 contract renewal project for stakeholders within the charging,
management, and tax teams

Extended requirements:
4 prepare automated emails to send to the finance manager of each company where the signed contract is missing
5 prepare automated emails to send to the finance manager of each company where only the hard copy is missing
6 add received date to contract data within company object based on date modified in folder
